# denverLopes1993
This is everything you might need to know about me

I have been a coding geek for the past 5 years, dabbling in personal projects or working on assignments for uni students, at a charge obviously. But there's more to my story. I am currently working as a Full Stack Developer with the mission of migrating an iOS app to cross-platform access. My role in this job involves designing and developing a mobile app using React Native, Expo CLI, Firebase, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. This includes creating a high-level architecture, developing and implementing key features, and ensuring a smooth user experience. To streamline the development process, I utilize Expo CLI for setup, configuration, and testing. Additionally, I employ Firebase to handle key backend functionality such as user authentication, data storage, and push notifications. To improve code quality, readability, and maintainability, I use TypeScript to add type annotations. I also use Tailwind CSS to create a consistent and responsive UI design across the app, leveraging the library's utility-first approach to CSS. Working collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including designers, product managers, and QA engineers, I ensure that the app meets user needs and is delivered on schedule. I continue to iterate and improve the app post-launch, which involves monitoring user feedback, tracking app analytics, and addressing bugs and issues in a timely manner while maintaining a clean and maintainable codebase using TypeScript and Tailwind CSS.
But that’s not all; in the meantime, I have had some adventures. In 2016, I tried launching an application with my housemate and absolutely lost at it. Although 2017 was an absolute slumber, 2018 was when I started a company called Cuppastreet. What started as a uni project turned into a start-up. The idea was simple, pick old used-up timber and craft mugs out of it. The focus was on ‘recycling with opulence.’ That took a fair bit, setting up stalls across Victoria in flea markets. It helped me pay my way through uni, a bachelor in business isn't cheap.
2020 was when every human's subconscious apologetic reality kicked in(COVID lockdowns). Fortunately, I had kept my restaurant jobs as a backup, so when permanent residency was on the horizon, I had to get serious about being in the restaurant. That was the easy way out to settle in. So since I have now received my residency in early 2023, I have decided to become what I always wished for, a developer. Being on the rollercoaster that I have been on, I have not stopped coding and focused on honing my skill sets a little more with each new project.I am attaching a link to my projects here, and I would surely enjoy the opportunity to come in and elaborate on the status of my developer journey.
